jontron
humanity's to longest-lasting
staples the child our legacy as a people
and the skateboard I think it was made
around the 80s and 90s it's been around
since then so it's time we finally bring
these two worlds together that's right
today we're watching the skateboard kid
the film with the famous tag line why
take the road when you can fly this film
was made in 1993 and features the voice
of the late Dom DeLuise it was the voice
of such characters as Jeremy from secret
of NIMH and Pizza the Hutt from
Spaceballs in this flick he voices a
character named rip so I said we're just
trying to drive the point home
all right let's quit wasting time and
watch this baby I caught that for real
Wow that's one flashy intro I can't wait
for what's to follow the skateboard kid
here we go featuring songs by the trash
kittens what is that like a kitten you
found in the trash either way great band
name guys hmm is that so yes it does
appear the back of that skateboard says
power why though why is this the first
shot of the movie
oh that's what I'm talking about right
there I remember when I rented out my
local laser tag for the night on my
birthday
let's rip I'm a pretty cool dude and
that's just a fact so what did they have
some sort of coordinated plan here
besides just skateboarding around you
look like he had something really
serious plans also skateboarding inside
all slowly like that is just
well it's impractical at best and it
just makes you look silly go and get
your wigs don't forget they skated away
okay so their master plan was just I
guess to mess with this guy who
literally just stands there and says the
words chicken wings over and over I mean
they must have planned it in advance
because this kid hooks up the police car
like he knows the police is gonna chase
them why don't they just pick another
target
you know like out of the cops
line-of-sight hey hey little chicken boy
first of all that insult could use some
work second of all the pain and
humiliation I feel daily are immense for
someone like you to cut someone like me
deeper well you must have problems
yourself buddy so I feel bad for you and
how [__] dare you say that to me I'm
gonna make you regret those goddamn
words so interspersed throughout the
movie are these strange shots of
skateboard tricks like all these shots
they coordinated with the airplanes I'm
assuming they just rolled up to LAX and
did this before the security showed up I
mean after tricks they do aren't even
that impressive they're just jumping
around like idiots
what's this song trying to say
skateboarder or perhaps this is a
tribute song for the life and times of a
man named Scott border
mr. borders gonna really appreciate this
I just feel it it's gonna be great
no creek you like clean air some
small-town values almost hitting a young
boy nonchalantly and pretending it
didn't happen I feel like in the real
shot that was just as dangerous as it
look how do you say dad yeah whatever
you say dad never mind this gaggle of
skateboarders that for some reason are
now following our car ah how slow are
you guys going that these kids can just
roll up to your car window dad oh my god
I guess he really shouldn't have been
wearing that chicken mask while
skateboarding you killed what he crossed
the road like that get your side you
Barney yeah check out this stupid
picture your face also our friend is
actually dead oh god it's those
post-mortem spasm funny guys
oh you were never dead at all that was
just a trick a dirty trick by some dirty
boys but then you're not laughing did I
once but then you took your mask off
suppose you gentlemen know where Mill
Creek is do ya
Mill Creek I've never heard a milking
have you ever heard a Mill Creek
something tells me they don't know too
much about Mill Creek there is a Mill
Creek
you know it's back that way really 40
miles down that way then you make her
right so was that a sarcastic answer I'm
not sure how to take that yeah
oh no there it is it really is back that
way
so why was his answer so weird and then
he runs away thanks for the directions
dude excuse me do you know how to get to
50th Street station from here yeah you
go down ten blocks that way make a right
you can't miss it
are you with him Oh mommy's doll ways
safe yeah sometimes the thing you're
looking for is staring you right in the
face well mom sure used to say a lot of
things that hold very little relevance
to most situations telling you I got a
good feeling about this place you'll see
you're gonna love this town
oh yeah oh you think felt yeah whatever
you won't be needing that anyway you
just start her up
whoa a buddy listen grandma don't need
no help she's about to get out there
start tearing up some asphalt just clear
the way bye-bye
so now we meet this character Dan the
usual sleazy car salesman type
seriously he's not even doing it that
well this is like what I do at home when
I think no one's watching and I'm
pretending to be cool
91 degrees here at the end Mill Creek
Wow
well you're just a real waste of [__]
human life aren't you so next we cut to
the kids from earlier messing with a
neighborhood girl a heart attacks
shut up ugly back pop snake Oh snake did
not expect that you startled him he's
like oh my god I'm sorry oh Christ
so I guess the implication is that the
father is doing poorly at his new job so
he was sent to direct a commercial but
isn't that like an upgrade I don't know
hey Dad oh yeah what is it Zack dad I
need alone I know they just kind of shot
I said not now Zach no you didn't oh
Christ
and howdy I'm Vic and Hannah y'all
probably remember my big granddaddy
dirty Dan armed robber baby oh that's a
shame sorry so since our hero was framed
by the bully as seen here everyone on
set hates him especially this guy holy
[__] he punched his skateboard clean and
a half we got to be really angry to get
that level of punch I'm mad but just in
the nick of time he's saved by a kind
soul who gives him a lemonade and a pat
on the back welcoming him to the new
town I'm coming huh what a nice lady
seems like she's having a bit of a
domestic with her spouse yeah it's all
alike please I'll find it wait what
she's just screaming at a random
electrician as if it were a family
member and she just left him in there to
give some kid lemonade apparently she
has some sort of issue with her
electricity like she hasn't paid for it
or something like that
not my concern wait what what are you
doing over there Zach no no not wait one
minute I gotta know what you're doing
right now
oh I'm serious did you break something
you do something illegal
who are you it's not even obvious to the
audience what's going on here
how exactly has this kid Zack figured
out how to fix her anomalous electricity
situation the moment he met her oh my
god lady he's drinking your fish oh
you're just fine with him drinking your
pet fish oh that's funny to you that's a
joke
no reaction also this was what part of
the plan you did that first you went in
first thing you put her pet fish in the
drink first of all assuming that she
would be okay with the pet fish dying
and that he would drink this at all and
not see the fish and also when you broke
the glass with the rock how did you
replace the glass were you carrying an
extra glass with you to put on there
sometimes the thing you're looking for
is staring you right in the face
oh my god are you my ghost mom now what
can I do for you huh excuse me what did
you just say well I'm not gonna let my
hero get out of a place like this
without a reward cut it cut a quick cut
to film this is getting too weird wild
also two extra strange because she just
said thing his mom said
so since Zacks skateboard has been
broken by way of being delicately
punched in actual half she decides to
give him another one she has just lying
around watch attempts of decency boil
the other way maybe the hell what's that
supposed to be excuse me oh oh sorry
about that what's that supposed to be
this is crack once blocked the amazing
for Reedy yeah so then like immediately
after this scene there's a montage of
him cutting up a bunch of [__] and
putting it on the skateboard why what
prompted this I mean shouldn't there be
a few scenes where the kids make fun of
it first or something to give him a
reason to work on it like I don't know
if one of them said wow that skateboard
looks pretty stupid objectively it looks
like some sort of clown board and then
Zack was like I'll show you I'll make
the best skateboard of all time and then
I'll kill all of you and hide the bodies
I mean wait not that last part like he
literally even just goes and slaps a
motor to this thing out of nowhere for
no reason and it's not like it was
established that Zack was some sort of
whiz kid or anything like that he's just
a normal kid I mean we're talking about
the guy who has a hat that says Wow on
it okay you know what I don't need to
know about rummage time so Zack takes
his new skateboard out for a test run
when he runs into trouble with the
neighborhood gang then all of a sudden
Zach movin it's your turn to attack
what does a man do when halfway through
a movie a skateboard begins to speak
what does a man do then don't sweat it
these guys are Barney's so finally now
we know what Dom DeLuise had to do with
this monstrosity you didn't have to do
it done but forced you did you need a
paycheck don't get me started
Tyler oh yeah this is gonna be good
so now as if the movie wasn't confusing
enough before we got a wisecracking
skateboard from Brooklyn babbling
half-assedly like he took too many
percocet this morning it doesn't even
make any sense at least snakes got the
right idea though sit back eat a taco
watch the fireworks huh you know if like
one guy here had a car this would all be
fine
what you're just gonna stop chasing your
target now this guy gets a little oil on
him you're all in hysterics
what are you actual babies so back at
the house Zack talks to his skateboard
well Rick and I read oh my god what
happened like that how you scared me
trip Zack it's really happening
believe it that'll be a bit hard on
account of everything about this and
what I'm saying of course I do I wasn't
assembled yesterday hmm hmm actually
wait you know actually yeah I think you
were though how I think you might have
been assembled today grab on the skies
I don't wanna is weird and creepy this
little thing it's like the main thing he
uses to move stuff around did they just
use whatever they had in the garage when
they were designing this
grateful Wow this magical skateboard is
mildly impressive so as expected the
skateboard and the boy become friends in
a story as classic as The Jungle Book
and also as expected the dad is now a
clown major rock evader
Ronis bumpkin Oh that's precisely the
problem sentient skateboard why don't
you go home and tell mother she wants
hey no wait oh yeah no chance she's
leaving Zach sorry skateboard Oh like
some young way as you stick your nose to
my business it is my business my mom's a
little game to you Maggie SHhhh your
mother well they ran the tests and it
looks like jenny is gonna need the
surgery sometime next year I swear to
God movies always do this if the
screenwriter doesn't know how to
manufacture meaningful drama it always
comes back to mom's dead my dad died she
needs surgery my Popeye is a clown so
just a quick sum up the used car
salesman has a lot of money and tries to
woo the mother of this girl into
marrying him because if she does all her
mortgage and medical bills will be
magically taken care of she resists of
course because he's this guy got Frankie
boy your face seal tonight he barely
even made his target with that throw is
it just mandatory to do things in a way
evolution did not account for to be a
cool skateboarder from the 90s yeah
that's a smart boy just jam all that
metal in this see what happens so I'll
see what comes out but the dad comes
home with the clown hair glued to his
head another tragic scene ensues where
Zach tries to remove it and things get
real for a second take it off
sure problem unbeknownst to clown man
boy zach has invited over the mother and
daughter making the clown hair situation
extra hilarious we know what I'm talking
about I think your coach or anything
now I feel for the guy here that's the
worst you just want to hang up
somebody's coat in your closet couch
falls down I mean David makes you look
like an [__] embarrasses them for
standard they're watching that
monstrosity one time I was trying to
hang up a lady's coat the couch fell out
of my closet couldn't look her in the
eye for a year that meal is really good
but all of a sudden I don't
oh god what is going on in here oh stop
oh come on quit that
quit it I said stop you're freaking me
out now help you it looks like you're
the one that needs to help top so yeah
now team cowboy douchebag has figured
out the team clown boy good guys are
trying to steal the girls away from them
with the lady hiding over here in the
corner like some sort of abused
housewife and now the rivalry between
them is real okay though what can I do
for you it's about your mortgage radical
co-sign that damn loan so Dan the cowboy
finally convinces Maggie to marry him in
order for her to pay off her mortgage
and save her daughter Jenny is
reasonably upset at hearing this news so
the skateboard tells her jokes to make
her happy
flattery will get you everywhere I
couldn't agree more
it was like it was like closing the
greatest day with my life
I don't get why you gotta marry her now
that you're holding her mortgaging I
don't have even the slightest clue well
you could have said there besides we'll
get great granddaddy's treasure back
you'll get your great-grandfather's
treasure back so this was about treasure
the whole time you weigh in 47 minutes
for this [__] wait why'd you have to
marry her for it then it's in your
family what's she got to do with it does
she even know about it was it talked to
skateboard for Oh who's that gu Setauket
skateboard is great granddaddy left
behind just so us later Tanner's wood
knows away yet you have a map to the
treasure as well buddy
you're all set
oh I got scared it's a scarecrow figures
Scud that's good [__] right there
I'm gonna need every last drop of this
so bla bla bla more pointless conflict
more skateboarders and long story short
we're here at the wedding while Jenny
hates her life and this woman in holy
marriage uh hi don't wear what he got
there you know what it is Chia head
do you Maggie take them to be your
lawfully wedded husband awfully what did
you need it's treasure mapped ancestors
fortune and he's only marrying you to
get it what is that true dan wait what
is that marry me for it my ancestors
treasured Dan is that true it's not
about love is about just coordinates a
treasure do you Maggie take Dan to be
your lawfully wedded husband I do not
have you gone insane but why do you have
to marry her for the treasure they
didn't explain it why didn't he just use
the map
what does the treasure have to do with
marriage oh he can fly now uh-huh oh why
oh the skateboard broke and died that's
unfortunate all his hat really says mom
upside down that's unfortunate all I
watched this whole [__] thing that's
unfortunate I guess you could say it was
staring him right in the face the whole
time or at least it was staring other
people in the face but mainly if they
were looking at it upside down in a
mirror you really are my hero
it's a genetic
Wow
what a great film and now in honor of
the true skateboard boy I present you
with this omage
he was a boy skateboarding
flip-top cereal another
and that's
was a travesty
we're to save on that big guy
hey [__] know me
really [__] up I wish you never said
that
me again alright
you
this episode of jontron was made
possible by the wonderful people at
audible.com now if you don't know about
them they are an Amazon audiobook
company you can listen to your audio
books on a computer or take it on the go
with your phone or tablet it's all
connected to your one account so this
month I recommend to you the revenant a
novel of revenge if you've seen the
movie with Leonardo DiCaprio recently
the revenant it's the book that inspired
the film if you go to my specialized
link right now audible.com slash jontron
you can get that book free as well as a
free 30-day trial I implore you
peace